DBZ-137 Add doc section about database connection adapter (#1808)
debezium/debezium: documentation/modules/ROOT/pages/connectors/oracle.adoc

            "ts_ms": 1520085154000,
            "txId": "6.28.807",
            "scn": 2122185,

>             "commit_scn": 2122185,

Reviewer: Worth a mention in the section below (where the contents of `source` is described) that this is only present for LogMiner?

}
----

[[selecting-the-adapter]]
== Selecting the adapter

{prodname} provides multiple ways to ingest change events from Oracle.
By default {prodname} uses the XStream API but this isn't always applicable for every installation.

> The following example configuration illustrates that by adding the `database.connection.adapter`, the connector can be toggled to use the Log Miner implementation.

Reviewer: I think it's "LogMiner" (i.e. no whitespace), here and elsewhere.

[source,json,indent=0]
----
{
    "name": "inventory-connector",
    "config": {
        "connector.class" : "io.debezium.connector.oracle.OracleConnector",
        "tasks.max" : "1",
        "database.server.name" : "server1",
        "database.hostname" : "<oracle ip>",
        "database.port" : "1521",
        "database.user" : "c##xstrm",
        "database.password" : "xs",
        "database.dbname" : "ORCLCDB",
        "database.pdb.name" : "ORCLPDB1",
        "database.out.server.name" : "dbzxout",
        "database.history.kafka.bootstrap.servers" : "kafka:9092",
        "database.history.kafka.topic": "schema-changes.inventory"
        "database.connection.adapter": "logminer"
    }
}
----

[NOTE]
====

> We do encourage the use of the Log Miner implementation but we do not yet recommend its use in production as its still under active development.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We do encourage the use of the LogMiner implementation for testing purposes and providing us with your feedback, but we do not yet recommend its use in production as its still under active development.
```

include::{partialsdir}/modules/all-connectors/ref-connector-monitoring-streaming-metrics.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

[[oracle-monitoring-streaming-logminer]]

> ==== Log Miner Metrics

Reviewer: ```suggestion
==== LogMiner Metrics
```

> The *MBean* is `debezium.oracle:type=connector-metrics,context=log-miner,server=_<database.server.name>_`.

Reviewer: This actually this should just be done as an Oracle-specific extension of the streaming metrics instead of being its own context (similar to what we do for MySQL). Could you log a follow-up Jira issue for this (it's down right now)?

Author: Logged as [DBZ-2537](https://issues.redhat.com/browse/DBZ-2537)
